Sweet said it was also poisoned
It seems that the person who poisoned it was not him
I think you have the wrong person.
You killed him
You say I killed him?
Do you have any evidence?
He was just fine
I was pulled by you a few times and started to bleed from the nostrils
Humph is dead
You can eat rice indiscriminately, but you can't talk nonsense.
You want to see me kill
Evidence? Evidence? I have it
Bai Tianyu has something to say
You are a bank certificate.
Explain what the problem is
Did you see me kill someone?
You won't believe what I saw.
Then we'll call up the surveillance.
Look at it slowly, needle by needle
I should be able to see your murder
Soul